IaCM beta docs (#2393)
harness/developer-hub: docs/infra-as-code-management/workspaces/provision-workspace.md

3. Select **Add Stage**, and then on the **Select Stage Type** pane, select **Infrastructure**.

    ![Add infrastructure stage](./static/select-stage.png)

4. Enter a stage name and an optional description and tag. Select **Set Up Stage**. 

5. On the **Workspace** tab, select an existing workspace or select **+ Create New Workspace** to create a new workspace. 

6. Select the **Execution** tab, and then select the option to provision for Terraform. Five operations are supported: init/plan/apply/destroy/plan-destroy.

7. Select **Use Strategy**.

  Init, plan, and apply steps are added.

8. Select **Save**, and then select **Run Pipeline**. 

9. After the plan is created, switch to the **Resources** tab to see all the resources and Terraform outputs that will be generated once the plan is applied. You can see which resources will be added, changed, or removed from the state. 

10. Select **Resources** to see the attribute details. 

    The execution completed and the state was created. Harness IaCM provides state management, so the state was saved in the Harness backend. This implicit step happens behind the scenes during pipeline execution, and you don’t need to configure it. 

>     You can also define a trigger to the pipeline to be executed when there is a change in the Terraform configuration.

Reviewer: how?

  projectIdentifier: <<PROJECT IDENTIFIER>>
  orgIdentifier: <<ORG IDENTIFER>>
  tags: {}
  stages:
    - stage:
        name: testiacm
        identifier: testiacm
        description: ""
        type: IACM
        spec:
          platform:
            os: Linux
            arch: Amd64
          runtime:
            type: Cloud
            spec: {}
          workspace: <<WORKSPACE ID>>
          execution:
            steps:
              - step:
                  type: IACMTerraformPlugin
                  name: init
                  identifier: init
                  timeout: 5m
                  spec:
                    command: init
              - step:
                  type: IACMTerraformPlugin
                  name: plan
                  identifier: plan
                  timeout: 5m
                  spec:
                    command: plan
              - step:
                  type: IACMTerraformPlugin
                  name: apply
                  identifier: apply
                  timeout: 5m
                  spec:
                    command: apply
        tags: {}
```

```mdx-code-block
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>
```

## Destory a workspace

> You can use the Harness Visual Editor or YAML to destroy, or tear down, a workspace. To destroy a pipeline, add the “init” , “plan-destroy”,  “destroy” step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the Harness Visual Editor or YAML to destroy, or tear down, a workspace. To destroy a workspace in your pipeline stage, add the “init” , “plan-destroy”,  and “destroy” steps.
```

> * Steps required for teardown are init, plan, and destroy, or init, plan-destroy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The steps required for teardown are init, plan, and destroy, or init, plan-destroy.
```

* The init step initialises Terraform by downloading all the modules that are required and preparing the worker to perform the Terraform operations.

    * Third-party plugins that don’t need a plan can be included here.

> * The plan-destroy step generates a Terraform plan. This Terraform plan is accessible to all the steps after the IaCM Terraform plan, and is accessible on “<+pipeline.stages.{nameofthestage}.spec.execution.steps.{nameofthestep}.output.outputVariables.parsedPlan>”.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The plan-destroy step generates a Terraform plan. This Terraform plan is accessible to all the steps after the IaCM Terraform plan, and can be referenced using the expression `<+pipeline.stages.STAGE_ID.spec.execution.steps.STEP_ID.output.outputVariables.parsedPlan>`.
```

Reviewer: Pretty sure we use step Id and not name since that's how every other expression in Harness works. You might want to confirm this.

    * Third-party plugins that require a plan can be added here.

* Lastly, the destroy step destroys the plan generated in the previous step.

```mdx-code-block
<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="Visual" label="Visual">
```

1. Select **Add Step**.

2. Select the **IACMTerraformPlugin**.

> 3. Provide the Name and Timeout, and select the command `init`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Provide the name and timeout, and select the command `init`.
```

---
title: Provision and destroy workspaces
description: Learn how to provision and destroy workspaces.
sidebar_position: 20
---

After you create a workspace, you can perform operations against the configuration, such as provisioning and destroying. You will use a Harness pipeline to provision and optionally destroy a workspace. 

## Provision a workspace

You can use the Harness Visual Editor or YAML to provision a workspace.

```mdx-code-block
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
```
```mdx-code-block
<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="Visual" label="Visual">
```

1. In the left pane, select **Pipelines**.
2. Select **+ Create a Pipeline** and set up a pipeline. 
3. In the **Select Stage Type** pane, select **Infrastructure**.

    ![Add infrastructure stage](./static/select-stage.png)

> 4. On the **Workspace** tab, select an existing workspace or select **+ Create New Workspace** to create a new workspace. 

Reviewer 2: we need to replace the image.. it's dated. let me know if you want my help in this

Author: Let's wait until the product is a bit more settled before adding more screenshots to avoid rework.

    ![Select a workspace](./static/workspace-tab.png)

> 5. Select the **Execution** tab, and then add the **IACM Terraform steps** for adding Terraform plugins. Five operations are supported: init/plan/apply/destroy/plan-destroy.

Reviewer 2: This has changed now- we provide out of the box flows. I can provide newer images if you need

Author: Can you provide details about the new workflow? It looks the same in the environment that I can access.

Reviewer 2: If you will create a pipeline with Infra stage here - https://app.harness.io/ng/account/l7HREAyVTnyfUsfUtPZUow/iacm/overview

You will see in the Execution tab that we have out of the box workflow for Terraform - Provision, and Destroy. and we also provide "free canvas"

Author: Thanks. I updated the steps.
